vendor dskit 0ef13fb for httpgrpc tracing (#5754)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: reduce memory usage of active series tracker. #5665
* [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: added `-store-gateway.sharding-ring.auto-forget-enabled` configuration parameter to control whether store-gateway auto-forget feature should be enabled or disabled (enabled by default). #5702
* [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: improved observability of calls to ingesters during queries. #5724

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: cancel contexts for requests to ingesters in a zone upon first error received from the zone. #5755

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Querier: cancel query requests to ingesters in a zone upon first error received from the zone, to reduce wasted effort spent computing results that won't be used. #5755
```
